The truth came to our home
through my mother.
I was never seriously interested
in the truth.
Where we grew up,
education was very important.
A person needed to make money
and live a lavish life.
So that’s the life I chose
—to study, to get higher education—
so that I could have what others had.
Although they could see
that I wasn’t interested in the truth,
my mother and brother did not give up on me.
When I came back from school in January,
my mother ordered the Examining
the Scriptures Daily  booklet for me.
Year after year, I always had
the Examining the Scriptures Daily  booklet
and a Bible.
She made sure
that although I wasn’t attending meetings,
at least I had literature.
Besides that, my younger brother,
the one I was close to,
decided to take the truth seriously.
When I came back from school,
I saw my brother
getting a Bible study of his own,
and I was surprised to see him
studying the Bible
and noticed that he had prepared.
He cared about
and loved what he was learning.
That’s when I understood
that the Bible changes lives.
A scripture that comes to mind
is Hosea 11:4.
There it shows that Jehovah
pulls us with “cords of love” and “kindness.”
In my situation, Jehovah did this.
So I made the decision to be regular
at the congregation meetings,
and I finally started studying
the Bible with someone in 2007
and got baptized in 2008.
My family really encouraged me;
they never gave up on me.
And I encourage parents
not to give up on their children.
They must continue encouraging them
and have the hope
that Jehovah God
will draw them to the organization
because they have good hearts.